ABOUT. >> ANOTHER DAY IN THE MASS
>> ANOTHER DAY IN THE MASS MURDER HISTORY OF AMERICA.
MURDER HISTORY OF AMERICA. >> THANKS MY FRIEND.
>> THANKS MY FRIEND. WELCOME BACK.
WELCOME BACK. >>> THE HEBREW IMMIGRANT AID
>>> THE HEBREW IMMIGRANT AID SOCIETY WAS ESTABLISHED IN
SOCIETY WAS ESTABLISHED IN 188150 BLOCKS FROM HER, ON THE
188150 BLOCKS FROM HER, ON THE LOWER EAST SIDE OF MANHATTAN.
LOWER EAST SIDE OF MANHATTAN. THIS PHOTO SHOWS IMMIGRANTS
THIS PHOTO SHOWS IMMIGRANTS ARRIVING AT ELLIS ISLAND IN 1951
ARRIVING AT ELLIS ISLAND IN 1951 UNDER THE GUIDANCE OF THE HEBREW
UNDER THE GUIDANCE OF THE HEBREW IMMIGRANT AID SOCIETY, HIAS.
IMMIGRANT AID SOCIETY, HIAS. AND AFTER 137 YEARS OF SERVICE
AND AFTER 137 YEARS OF SERVICE FIRST TO JEWISH IMMIGRANT AND
FIRST TO JEWISH IMMIGRANT AND THEN TO REFUGEES FROM AROUND THE
THEN TO REFUGEES FROM AROUND THE WORLD WITHOUT REGARD TO THEIR
WORLD WITHOUT REGARD TO THEIR RELIGIOUS AFFILIATION A
RELIGIOUS AFFILIATION A 46-YEAR-OLD MAN FROM WESTERN
46-YEAR-OLD MAN FROM WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA DECIDED IT WAS TIME
PENNSYLVANIA DECIDED IT WAS TIME TO STOP HIAS IN ITS TRACKS.
TO STOP HIAS IN ITS TRACKS. HIS LAST SOCIAL MEDIA POSTING
HIS LAST SOCIAL MEDIA POSTING SAYS HIAS LIKES TO BRING
SAYS HIAS LIKES TO BRING INVADERS IN THAT KILL OUR
INVADERS IN THAT KILL OUR PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. I CAN’T SIT BY AND WATCH MY
I CAN’T SIT BY AND WATCH MY PEOPLE GET SLAUGHTERED, SCEW,
PEOPLE GET SLAUGHTERED, SCEW, YOUR OPTICS I’M GOING IN.
YOUR OPTICS I’M GOING IN. HE DIDN’T KILL THE BABY BOY WHO
HE DIDN’T KILL THE BABY BOY WHO WAS THERE.
WAS THERE. HE DIDN’T KILL THE BOY’S
HE DIDN’T KILL THE BOY’S PARENTS.
PARENTS. HE KILLED 11 OTHER PEOPLE IN THE
HE KILLED 11 OTHER PEOPLE IN THE SYNAGOGUE, ALL JEWS, AND HE SHOT
SYNAGOGUE, ALL JEWS, AND HE SHOT AND WOUNDED FOUR POLICE FORCES
AND WOUNDED FOUR POLICE FORCES BEFORE HE SURRENDERED.
BEFORE HE SURRENDERED. HE WAS THERE TO STOP AN
HE WAS THERE TO STOP AN INVASION, AN INVASION THAT THE
INVASION, AN INVASION THAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES HAS BEEN YELLING ABOUT AT
HAS BEEN YELLING ABOUT AT POLITICAL RALLIES AND LYING
POLITICAL RALLIES AND LYING ABOUT.
ABOUT. WHAT THE PRESIDENT AND OUR
WHAT THE PRESIDENT AND OUR LATEST MASS MURDERER CALL AN
LATEST MASS MURDERER CALL AN INVASION IS GROUP OF POSSIBLY
INVASION IS GROUP OF POSSIBLY 5,000 REFUGEES WALKING IN THE
5,000 REFUGEES WALKING IN THE DIRECTION OF THE MOST HEAVILY
DIRECTION OF THE MOST HEAVILY ARMED MILITARY POWER IN THE
ARMED MILITARY POWER IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD.
HISTORY OF THE WORLD. THEY ARE WALKING TOGETHER FOR
THEY ARE WALKING TOGETHER FOR THEIR MUTUAL SAFETY, MANY OF THE
THEIR MUTUAL SAFETY, MANY OF THE CHILDREN IN THAT MARCH ARE
CHILDREN IN THAT MARCH ARE BAREFOOT.
BAREFOOT. MANY OF THE WOMEN ARE MOTHERS
MANY OF THE WOMEN ARE MOTHERS WALKING WITH THEIR CHILDREN OR
WALKING WITH THEIR CHILDREN OR CARRYING THEIR CHILDREN.
CARRYING THEIR CHILDREN. MANY ARE FATHERS.
MANY ARE FATHERS. DONALD TRUMP WANTS YOU TO BE
DONALD TRUMP WANTS YOU TO BE AFRAID OF EVERY ONE OF THOSE
AFRAID OF EVERY ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. DONALD TRUMP WANTS YOU TO
DONALD TRUMP WANTS YOU TO BELIEVE THAT THOSE PEOPLE ARE
BELIEVE THAT THOSE PEOPLE ARE CAPABLE OF MOUNTING AN INVASION
CAPABLE OF MOUNTING AN INVASION AGAINST THE MOST MIGHTILY
AGAINST THE MOST MIGHTILY DEFENDED COUNTRY IN THE HISTORY
DEFENDED COUNTRY IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD.
OF THE WORLD. AND IT WORKED.
AND IT WORKED. IT WORKED WITH A 46-YEAR-OLD MAN
IT WORKED WITH A 46-YEAR-OLD MAN LIVING ALONE IN WESTERN
LIVING ALONE IN WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA, IN THAT PART OF
PENNSYLVANIA, IN THAT PART OF PENNSYLVANIA THAT PRESIDENTIAL
PENNSYLVANIA THAT PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE BARACK OBAMA IN 2008
CANDIDATE BARACK OBAMA IN 2008 DESCRIBED THIS WAY.
DESCRIBED THIS WAY. >> THE JOBS HAVE BEEN GONE THOU
>> THE JOBS HAVE BEEN GONE THOU FOR 25 YEARS AND NOTHING’S
FOR 25 YEARS AND NOTHING’S REPLACED THEM.
REPLACED THEM. AND THEY FELL THROUGH THE
AND THEY FELL THROUGH THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION AND THE
CLINTON ADMINISTRATION AND THE BUSH ADMINISTRATION.
BUSH ADMINISTRATION. AND EACH SUCCESSIVE
AND EACH SUCCESSIVE ADMINISTRATION HAS SAID THAT
ADMINISTRATION HAS SAID THAT SOMEHOW THESE COMMUNITIES ARE
SOMEHOW THESE COMMUNITIES ARE GONNA REGENERATE AND THEY HAVE
GONNA REGENERATE AND THEY HAVE NOT.
NOT. AND IT’S NOT SURPRISING THEN
AND IT’S NOT SURPRISING THEN THEY GET BIT, THEY CLING TO GUNS
THEY GET BIT, THEY CLING TO GUNS OR RELIGION OR ANTIPATHY TOWARD
OR RELIGION OR ANTIPATHY TOWARD PEOPLE WHO AREN’T LIKE THEM OR
PEOPLE WHO AREN’T LIKE THEM OR ANTI-IMMIGRANT SENTIMENT OR
ANTI-IMMIGRANT SENTIMENT OR ANTI-TRADE SENTIMENT AS A WAY TO
ANTI-TRADE SENTIMENT AS A WAY TO EXPLAIN THEIR FRUSTRATIONS.
EXPLAIN THEIR FRUSTRATIONS. >> BARACK OBAMA WAS CONDEMNED BY
>> BARACK OBAMA WAS CONDEMNED BY REPUBLICANS FOR SAYING THAT.
REPUBLICANS FOR SAYING THAT. CONDEMNED FOR YEARS FOR SAYING
CONDEMNED FOR YEARS FOR SAYING THAT.
THAT. AND ON SATURDAY A MAN WHO FIT
AND ON SATURDAY A MAN WHO FIT THAT DESCRIPTION ENTERED A
THAT DESCRIPTION ENTERED A SYNAGOGUE CLINGING TO HIS GUNS,
SYNAGOGUE CLINGING TO HIS GUNS, FILLED WITH ANTI-IMMIGRANT
FILLED WITH ANTI-IMMIGRANT SENTIMENT AND DECIDED TO STOP
SENTIMENT AND DECIDED TO STOP WHAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
WHAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES NOW CALLS AN INVASION BY
STATES NOW CALLS AN INVASION BY MURDERING 97-YEAR-OLD ROSE
MURDERING 97-YEAR-OLD ROSE MELLINGER.
MELLINGER. MELVIN WAX WAS 88 YEARS OLD.
MELVIN WAX WAS 88 YEARS OLD. HE WAS LEAVING THE SYNAGOGUE
HE WAS LEAVING THE SYNAGOGUE WHEN HE WAS MURDERED.
WHEN HE WAS MURDERED. BERNICE SIMON AND HER HUSBAND
BERNICE SIMON AND HER HUSBAND SYLVAN WERE 84 AND 86 YEARS OLD.
SYLVAN WERE 84 AND 86 YEARS OLD. THEY DIED TOGETHER ON SATURDAY
THEY DIED TOGETHER ON SATURDAY AT THE HANDS OF GUNMAN WHO WAS
AT THE HANDS OF GUNMAN WHO WAS TRYING TO STOP AN INVASION.
TRYING TO STOP AN INVASION. JOYCE WAS 75 YEARS OLD.
JOYCE WAS 75 YEARS OLD. SHE PRAYED AT THE SYNAGOGUE
SHE PRAYED AT THE SYNAGOGUE EVERY DAY.
EVERY DAY. SHE SAID HER LAST PRAYER ON
SHE SAID HER LAST PRAYER ON SATURDAY.
SATURDAY. DANIEL STEIN WAS 71.
DANIEL STEIN WAS 71. HE WAS KILLED IN THE SAME ROOM
HE WAS KILLED IN THE SAME ROOM WHERE HIS GRANDSON’S BRISK WAS
WHERE HIS GRANDSON’S BRISK WAS HELD EARLIER THIS YEAR.
HELD EARLIER THIS YEAR. A FRIEND SAID, QUOTE, HE WAS A
A FRIEND SAID, QUOTE, HE WAS A GUY WHEN YOU WALKED IN HE WAS
GUY WHEN YOU WALKED IN HE WAS THE FIRST PERSON YOU WOULD MEET
THE FIRST PERSON YOU WOULD MEET AND WOULD HELP YOU FIND A SEAT.
AND WOULD HELP YOU FIND A SEAT. JERRY WAS 66 YEARS OLD, HE WAS A
JERRY WAS 66 YEARS OLD, HE WAS A DOCTOR.
DOCTOR. HE RAN TOWARD THE SOUND OF THE
HE RAN TOWARD THE SOUND OF THE GUNFIRE TO TRY AND HELP THE
GUNFIRE TO TRY AND HELP THE WOUNDED.
WOUNDED. HE LOST HIS LIFE TRYING TO SAVE
HE LOST HIS LIFE TRYING TO SAVE LIFE.
LIFE. RICHARD GOTTFRIED WAS 65 YEARS
RICHARD GOTTFRIED WAS 65 YEARS OLD.
OLD. HE WAS A DENTIST WHO WAS
HE WAS A DENTIST WHO WAS GENEROUS ABOUT SERVING PATIENTS
GENEROUS ABOUT SERVING PATIENTS WHO DIDN’T HAVE DENTAL
WHO DIDN’T HAVE DENTAL INSURANCE.
INSURANCE. HE AND HIS WIFE HAD JUST
HE AND HIS WIFE HAD JUST CELEBRATED THEIR ANNIVERSARY AND
CELEBRATED THEIR ANNIVERSARY AND WERE PLANNING TO RETIRE.
WERE PLANNING TO RETIRE. A MEMBER OF THE SYNAGOGUE SAID,
A MEMBER OF THE SYNAGOGUE SAID, QUOTE, THEY WERE LIKE THE
QUOTE, THEY WERE LIKE THE AMBASSADORS BECAUSE THEY WERE
AMBASSADORS BECAUSE THEY WERE ALWAYS THERE AND THEY WILL
ALWAYS THERE AND THEY WILL ALWAYS BE THERE IN OUR HEARTS.
ALWAYS BE THERE IN OUR HEARTS. THERE WAS ALSO A MARRIED COUPLE
THERE WAS ALSO A MARRIED COUPLE WHO WERE IN THE -- IN THE
WHO WERE IN THE -- IN THE SYNAGOGUE WHO WERE KILLED.
SYNAGOGUE WHO WERE KILLED. THEY DIED TOGETHER.
THEY DIED TOGETHER. THEY ALL HAD TO DIE.
THEY ALL HAD TO DIE. THEY ALL HAD TO DIE BECAUSE THEY
THEY ALL HAD TO DIE BECAUSE THEY WERE SUPPORTING AN INVASION.
WERE SUPPORTING AN INVASION. THAT’S WHAT THEIR MURDERER
THAT’S WHAT THEIR MURDERER BELIEVED.
BELIEVED. THAT’S WHY HE KILLED THEM.
THAT’S WHY HE KILLED THEM. HE PUT IT IN WRITING.
HE PUT IT IN WRITING. MANY OF PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ALLIES
MANY OF PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ALLIES HAVE BEEN TELLING THAT MASS
HAVE BEEN TELLING THAT MASS MURDERER AND EVERYONE ELSE IN
MURDERER AND EVERYONE ELSE IN THE COUNTRY THAT JEWS ARE
THE COUNTRY THAT JEWS ARE FUNDING THE LONG WALK OF THE
FUNDING THE LONG WALK OF THE REFUGEES IN CENTRAL AMERICA AND
REFUGEES IN CENTRAL AMERICA AND THAT THE PRESIDENT AND THE MASS
THAT THE PRESIDENT AND THE MASS MURDERER CALL THAT AN INVASION.
MURDERER CALL THAT AN INVASION. FOX NEWS, WHICH IS OWNED AND
FOX NEWS, WHICH IS OWNED AND OPERATED BY AN AUSTRALIAN
OPERATED BY AN AUSTRALIAN IMMIGRANT TO THIS COUNTRY HAS
IMMIGRANT TO THIS COUNTRY HAS BEEN RELNTLYENTLESSLY PUSHING TH
BEEN RELNTLYENTLESSLY PUSHING TH INVASION RHETORIC AND PUSHING
INVASION RHETORIC AND PUSHING THAT INTO THE HEAD OF THE MASS
THAT INTO THE HEAD OF THE MASS MURDERER.
MURDERER. FUNDING WHAT THEY CALL THE
FUNDING WHAT THEY CALL THE INVASION.
INVASION. THEY’RE NOT RANDOMLY CHOOSING
THEY’RE NOT RANDOMLY CHOOSING GEORGE SOROS TO TAKE THE BLAME
GEORGE SOROS TO TAKE THE BLAME FOR ALL THE EVILS OF THE WORLD.
FOR ALL THE EVILS OF THE WORLD. GEORGE SOROS IS JEWISH.
GEORGE SOROS IS JEWISH. AND EVERYONE WHO HATES GEORGE
AND EVERYONE WHO HATES GEORGE SOROS KNOWS HE IS JEWISH.
SOROS KNOWS HE IS JEWISH. GEORGE SOROS WAS THE FIRST TO
GEORGE SOROS WAS THE FIRST TO RECEIVE A PIPE BOMB IN THE MAIL
RECEIVE A PIPE BOMB IN THE MAIL FROM THE RABID TRUMP SUPPORTER
FROM THE RABID TRUMP SUPPORTER WHO IS NOW CHARGED WITH FEDERAL
WHO IS NOW CHARGED WITH FEDERAL CRIMES FOR THREATENING AND
CRIMES FOR THREATENING AND MAILING EXPLOSIVE DEVICES TO
MAILING EXPLOSIVE DEVICES TO DEMOCRATS AND CRITICS OF DONALD
DEMOCRATS AND CRITICS OF DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. AND AFTER THE NEWS BROKE A BOMB
AND AFTER THE NEWS BROKE A BOMB BEING SENT TO GEORGE SOROS BY
BEING SENT TO GEORGE SOROS BY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY LAUNCHED A
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY LAUNCHED A TELEVISION AD ATTACKING GEORGE
TELEVISION AD ATTACKING GEORGE SOROS, CALLING HIM A RADICAL WHO
SOROS, CALLING HIM A RADICAL WHO FINANCES DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNS.
FINANCES DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNS. AND YES, GEORGE SOROS DOES
AND YES, GEORGE SOROS DOES CONTRIBUTE TO DEMOCRATIC
CONTRIBUTE TO DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNS.
CAMPAIGNS. SOME OF US REMEMBER A COUNTRY
SOME OF US REMEMBER A COUNTRY WHERE YOU COULD DO THAT AND NOT
WHERE YOU COULD DO THAT AND NOT EXPECT A PIPE BOMB IN THE MAIL.
EXPECT A PIPE BOMB IN THE MAIL. DONALD TRUMP’S FIRST REACTION TO
DONALD TRUMP’S FIRST REACTION TO OUR LATEST MASS MURDER WAS, OF
OUR LATEST MASS MURDER WAS, OF COURSE, TO BLAME THE VICTIMS.
COURSE, TO BLAME THE VICTIMS. >> THIS IS CASE WHERE IF THEY
>> THIS IS CASE WHERE IF THEY HAD AN ARMED GUARD INSIDE THEY
HAD AN ARMED GUARD INSIDE THEY MIGHT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO STOP HIM
MIGHT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO STOP HIM IMMEDIATELY.
IMMEDIATELY. SO THIS WOULD BE A CASE FOR IF
SO THIS WOULD BE A CASE FOR IF THERE WAS AN ARMED GUARD INSIDE
THERE WAS AN ARMED GUARD INSIDE THE TEMPLE THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN
THE TEMPLE THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO STOP HIM.
ABLE TO STOP HIM. MAYBE THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN
MAYBE THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN NOBODY KILLED EXCEPT FOR HIM,
NOBODY KILLED EXCEPT FOR HIM, FRANKLY.
FRANKLY. >> NOBODY KILLED, IF THEY JUST
>> NOBODY KILLED, IF THEY JUST HAD ONE ARMED GUARD.
HAD ONE ARMED GUARD. THAT’S ALL THEY NEEDED.
THAT’S ALL THEY NEEDED. SO IT MUST BE THE RABBI’S FAULT
SO IT MUST BE THE RABBI’S FAULT THAT THERE WAS NO ARMED GUARD.
THAT THERE WAS NO ARMED GUARD. THE PRESIDENT SAYS THE ARMED
THE PRESIDENT SAYS THE ARMED GUARD WHO WAS NOT EXPECTING A
GUARD WHO WAS NOT EXPECTING A MASS MURDERER COULD HAVE STOPPED
MASS MURDERER COULD HAVE STOPPED THE MASS MURDERER.
THE MASS MURDERER. BUT HE DOESN’T EXPLAIN WHY WHEN
BUT HE DOESN’T EXPLAIN WHY WHEN DOZENS OF POLICE OFFICERS RUSHED
DOZENS OF POLICE OFFICERS RUSHED TO THE SCENE KNOWING THERE WAS
TO THE SCENE KNOWING THERE WAS AN ACTIVE SHOOTER, FOUR OF THOSE
AN ACTIVE SHOOTER, FOUR OF THOSE PREPARED AND READY POLICE
PREPARED AND READY POLICE OFFICERS STILL GOT SHOT.
OFFICERS STILL GOT SHOT. AND NONE OF THE POLICE FORCES
AND NONE OF THE POLICE FORCES WHO RESPONDED WERE ABLE TO KILL
WHO RESPONDED WERE ABLE TO KILL THE MURDERER.
THE MURDERER. DONALD TRUMP’S SUPPORTERS
DONALD TRUMP’S SUPPORTERS BELIEVE THE FANACY.
BELIEVE THE FANACY. THEY MUST.
THEY MUST. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SUPPORT
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP WITHOUT FANTASY.
DONALD TRUMP WITHOUT FANTASY. THE FANTASY OF THE ONE ARMED
THE FANTASY OF THE ONE ARMED GUARD, THE FANTASY OF THE
GUARD, THE FANTASY OF THE INVASION, THE INVASION OF A
INVASION, THE INVASION OF A SYNAGOGUE BY A MASS MURDERER ON
SYNAGOGUE BY A MASS MURDERER ON SATURDAY WAS A REACTION TO THE
SATURDAY WAS A REACTION TO THE LIES THAT DONALD TRUMP AND FOX
LIES THAT DONALD TRUMP AND FOX NEWS AND REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN
NEWS AND REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN TELLING ABOUT WHAT THEY CALL THE
TELLING ABOUT WHAT THEY CALL THE INVASION APPROACHING OUR
INVASION APPROACHING OUR SOUTHERN BORDER.
SOUTHERN BORDER. ADAM IN THE ATLANTIC WRITES, THE
ADAM IN THE ATLANTIC WRITES, THE APPARENT SPARK FOR THE WORST
APPARENT SPARK FOR THE WORST ANTI-SEMITIC MASSACRE IN
ANTI-SEMITIC MASSACRE IN AMERICAN HISTORY WAS A RACIST
AMERICAN HISTORY WAS A RACIST HOAX INFLAMED BY A U.S.
HOAX INFLAMED BY A U.S. PRESIDENT SEEKING TO HELP HIS
PRESIDENT SEEKING TO HELP HIS PARTY WIN A MID-TERM ELECTION.
PARTY WIN A MID-TERM ELECTION. THERE IS NO POLITICAL GESTURE,
THERE IS NO POLITICAL GESTURE, NO PUBLIC STATEMENT AND NO
NO PUBLIC STATEMENT AND NO ALTERATION IN RHETORIC OR
ALTERATION IN RHETORIC OR BEHAVIOR THAT WILL CHANGE THIS
BEHAVIOR THAT WILL CHANGE THIS FACT.
FACT. THE SHOOTER MIGHT HAVE FOUND A
THE SHOOTER MIGHT HAVE FOUND A DIFFERENT REASON TO ACT ON A
DIFFERENT REASON TO ACT ON A DIFFERENT DAY, BUT HE CHOSE TO
DIFFERENT DAY, BUT HE CHOSE TO ACT ON SATURDAY.
ACT ON SATURDAY. AND HE APPARENTLY CHOSE TO ACT
AND HE APPARENTLY CHOSE TO ACT IN RESPONSE TO A POLITICAL
IN RESPONSE TO A POLITICAL FICTION THAT THE PRESIDENT
FICTION THAT THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF CHOSE TO SPREAD AND THAT
HIMSELF CHOSE TO SPREAD AND THAT HIS FOLLOWERS CHOSE TO AMPLIFY.
HIS FOLLOWERS CHOSE TO AMPLIFY. SO WHO’S NEXT?
SO WHO’S NEXT? WHO WILL BE THE NEXT MASS
WHO WILL BE THE NEXT MASS MURDERER WHO TYPES ON SOCIAL
MURDERER WHO TYPES ON SOCIAL MEDIA, I’M GOING IN, BEFORE HE
MEDIA, I’M GOING IN, BEFORE HE GOES IN TO MURDER EVERYONE IN
GOES IN TO MURDER EVERYONE IN SIGHT BECAUSE HE BELIEVES A LIE
SIGHT BECAUSE HE BELIEVES A LIE TOLD BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE
TOLD BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES?
UNITED STATES? WHO WILL BE NEXT?
WHO WILL BE NEXT? WE DON’T KNOW, BUT WE DO KNOW
WE DON’T KNOW, BUT WE DO KNOW THAT AMERICA’S NEXT MASS
THAT AMERICA’S NEXT MASS MURDERER JUST LIKE SATURDAY’S
MURDERER JUST LIKE SATURDAY’S MASS MURDERER WILL BE THE BEST
MASS MURDERER WILL BE THE BEST EQUIPPED MASS MURDERER HE CAN BE
EQUIPPED MASS MURDERER HE CAN BE BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP AND
BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP AND REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS MAKE
REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS MAKE SURE THAT AMERICAN MASS
SURE THAT AMERICAN MASS MURDERERS ARE THE BEST EQUIPPED
MURDERERS ARE THE BEST EQUIPPED MASS MURDERERS IN THE WORLD.
MASS MURDERERS IN THE WORLD. THEY FOLLOW THE ORDERS OF THE
THEY FOLLOW THE ORDERS OF THE NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION TO
NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION TO MAKE SURE THERE ARE NO MORE
MAKE SURE THERE ARE NO MORE RESTRICTIONS ON THE WEAPONS OF
RESTRICTIONS ON THE WEAPONS OF MASS MURDERER THAT ARE AVAILABLE
MASS MURDERER THAT ARE AVAILABLE OVER-THE-COUNTER IN THE UNITED
OVER-THE-COUNTER IN THE UNITED STATES, THAT THERE ARE NO MORE
STATES, THAT THERE ARE NO MORE RESTRICTIONS ON THE SIZE OF
RESTRICTIONS ON THE SIZE OF AMMUNITION MAGAZINES THAT YOU
AMMUNITION MAGAZINES THAT YOU CAN ATTACH TO THOSE WEAPONS OF
CAN ATTACH TO THOSE WEAPONS OF MASS MURDER.
MASS MURDER. THEY MAKE SURE THAT THERE ARE NO
THEY MAKE SURE THAT THERE ARE NO MAGAZINE -- THERE ARE NO
MAGAZINE -- THERE ARE NO BACKGROUND CHECKS AT GUN SHOWS.
BACKGROUND CHECKS AT GUN SHOWS. THEY MAKE SURE THERE ARE NO MORE
THEY MAKE SURE THERE ARE NO MORE RESTRICTIONS ON THE PURCHASE OF
RESTRICTIONS ON THE PURCHASE OF AMMUNITION INCLUDING THE AMOUNTS
AMMUNITION INCLUDING THE AMOUNTS OF AMMUNITION.
OF AMMUNITION. THEY MAKE SURE.
THEY MAKE SURE. THEY WILL ALWAYS MAKE SURE THAT
THEY WILL ALWAYS MAKE SURE THAT WHEN A MASS MURDERER COMES INTO
WHEN A MASS MURDERER COMES INTO YOUR SYNAGOGUE OR YOUR CHURCH OR
YOUR SYNAGOGUE OR YOUR CHURCH OR YOUR MOVIE THEATER OR YOUR
YOUR MOVIE THEATER OR YOUR SHOPPING MALL OR YOUR
SHOPPING MALL OR YOUR KINDERGARTEN THAT THAT MASS
KINDERGARTEN THAT THAT MASS MURDERERER
MURDERERER MURDERER WILL HAVE THE VERY BEST
MURDERER WILL HAVE THE VERY BEST KILLING EQUIPMENT IN THE WORLD.
KILLING EQUIPMENT IN THE WORLD. AND THOSE REPUBLICANS WHO MAKE
AND THOSE REPUBLICANS WHO MAKE SURE THAT THOSE MASS MURDERERS
SURE THAT THOSE MASS MURDERERS ARE SO WELL EQUIPPED WILL
ARE SO WELL EQUIPPED WILL CONTINUE TO SAY THINGS LIKE
CONTINUE TO SAY THINGS LIKE THIS.
THIS. >> WHAT’S IT GOING TO TAKE TO
>> WHAT’S IT GOING TO TAKE TO STOP THESE KILLINGS FROM
STOP THESE KILLINGS FROM HAPPENING OVER AND OVER AND OVER
HAPPENING OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN?
AGAIN? >> YOU KNOW, I THINK IF WE HAD A
>> YOU KNOW, I THINK IF WE HAD A GOOD ANSWER TO THAT I THINK
GOOD ANSWER TO THAT I THINK EVERYBODY IN THE COUNTRY WOULD
EVERYBODY IN THE COUNTRY WOULD SUPPORT IT.
SUPPORT IT. IF ANYBODY KNOWS THE ANSWER, I
IF ANYBODY KNOWS THE ANSWER, I THINK CERTAINLY THIS
THINK CERTAINLY THIS ADMINISTRATION WOULD BE ALL
ADMINISTRATION WOULD BE ALL EARS.
EARS. >> DONALD TRUMP AND THE
>> DONALD TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICANS HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO
REPUBLICANS HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO STOP WHAT HAPPENED ON SATURDAY.
STOP WHAT HAPPENED ON SATURDAY. RABBI JEFFREY MYERS WHO WAS IN
RABBI JEFFREY MYERS WHO WAS IN THE SYNAGOGUE AND WAS ABLE TO
THE SYNAGOGUE AND WAS ABLE TO PROTECT SOME OF HIS DAWN GRUCONG
PROTECT SOME OF HIS DAWN GRUCONG FROM THE MAS MURDERER BUT LIVES
FROM THE MAS MURDERER BUT LIVES WITH THE REGRET AND THE PAIN
WITH THE REGRET AND THE PAIN THAT HE WAS NOT ABLE TO PROTECT
THAT HE WAS NOT ABLE TO PROTECT THEM ALL HAS THIS SUGGESTION FOR
THEM ALL HAS THIS SUGGESTION FOR DONALD TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICANS
DONALD TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICANS WHO HAVE NOTHING TO SAY ABOUT
WHO HAVE NOTHING TO SAY ABOUT HOW TO STOP THIS.
HOW TO STOP THIS. >> IT STARTS WITH SPEECH.
>> IT STARTS WITH SPEECH. WORDS OF HATE ARE UNWELCOME IN